Welcome everyone. Let's kick off the security review.
The main item today is the Conditional Access audit. We agreed last week that we need to enforce MFA on every admin role. David, where are we on that?
Good news - I finished the audit yesterday. Three admin accounts were still on report-only. I'll move them to enforce by end of week.
Perfect. We also decided to revoke standing access for the three contractors. Who's owning that?
I'll handle it. I'll send the offboarding tickets by tomorrow and follow up with HR.
Quick question - what's our policy on service accounts? I keep seeing new ones created without justification.
Good catch. That's an open question. We don't have a formal policy yet. Maria, can you draft a one-page service account policy by next Friday?
Yes, will do. Should I circulate to legal first or to you?
To me first, then we'll review together before sending to legal.
Got it. Also, are we keeping the same incident response runbook for credential compromise?
Yes, that's still current. No changes needed there.
Anything else?
That's it. Thanks everyone.